the studio 47 sportsman portrait becomes
presented by ninja go bank straight
16 years young and already one
exceptional talent in german hockey sport
Cellino Russ is not just offspring
national players but belongs in
your young age even to the u18
Selection of the German hockey federation
the bigger was the joy as well as now
nor the nomination for the athlete's choice
I 've already found one
great honor and have me very much
happy when I heard that and
I think that's cool
since her fourth year of life is céline
fall into the hockey sport
about her big brother who himself
u21 national team belongs to the
16-year-old to sport at least three times
every week since then with the small
white hard rubber trained at
other hobbies there is no time for
Berlin but no problem
he is also great fun and also
the successes of one year, too
just always a good feeling
The 16-year-old was successful
two and a half years in club raffelberg
home is also already enough
celebrate
so she won at this year's
european championship with germany
silver from 2010 was German
Indoor hockey champion 2011 and 2013
twice vice-champion in the field and
could already be six times
call West German master
trainer susi wollschläger is from
great talent her student
convinced is incredibly fast
incredible survey and i hope
very much that she will not win
only susi wollschläger is from the 16th
year old enthusiastic
so can Celine from her trainer
learn a lot more
also get so clear and coach
she is already very successful
have been olympia himself and he leaves you
also like to say things then
yes it's just a very good relationship
in sea also always felt completely with and
it 's fun with fun he is him
In any case , she is a profession
do not do the sport
So I think I can be bad
earn money later and yes so me
definitely wants it for so long
I also play hockey because it's easy
fun is a good balance too
now next to school maybe too
later next to the study
You can do that after studying
always connect well because it is really in
many beautiful cities too
then join then also one
national team then the goals
reach and yes but I think
someday it will be for the athletes
end of career and dania profession and
Education
but before the time comes, we expect
of cells still numerous outstanding
achievements and who knows
it works already with the choice
to the athlete of the year
it would be to you in any case